What does an atheist say during an orgasm?  "Oh Darwin! Oh Darwin!..." 
Two men are discussing the age old question: who enjoys sex more, the man or the woman?  A woman walks by and listens in for awhile and then interrupts:   "Listen you guys. You know when your ear itches and you put in your  little finger and wiggle it around for awhile?  Afterward, which feels better, your finger or your ear?" 
Arnold Swartzeneger and Sylvester Stallone are making a movie about the lives of the great composers.    Stallone says "I want to be Mozart."   Swartzeneger says: "In that case...  I'll be Bach." 
A horse walks into a bar. Bartender says:  "So, why the long face?" 
A boy comes home from school and tells his mother that he got a part in the school play.  "What part?" the mother asked. "I play a Jewish husband," the boy replied.    "Go back to school and tell your teacher that you want a speaking role!" 
A couple has been married for 75 years. For the husband's 95th birthday, his wife decides to surprise him by hiring a prostitute. That day, the doorbell rings. The husband uses his walker to get to the door and opens it.   A 21-year-old in a latex outfit smiles and says, "Hi, I here to give you super sex!"   The old man says, "I'll take the soup." 
There was an engineer who had an exceptional gift for fixing all  things mechanical.  After serving his company loyally for over 30  years, he happily retired.  Several years later the company contacted  him regarding a seemingly impossible problem they were having with  one of their multi-million dollar machines. They had tried everything and  everyone else to get the machine fixed, but to no avail.  In  desperation, they called on the retired engineer who had solved so  many of their problems in the past.  The engineer reluctantly took the challenge.  He spent a day studying  the huge machine.  At the end of the day, he marked a small "x" in  chalk on a particular component of the machine and proudly stated,   "This is where your problem is".  The part was replaced and the machine worked perfectly again. The  company received a bill for $50,000 from the engineer for his  service.They demanded an itemized accounting of his charges. The  engineer responded briefly:  One chalk mark                       $1   Knowing where to put it            $49,999  It was paid in full and the engineer retired again in peace.  
The graduate with a Science degree asks, "Why does it work?"  The graduate with an Engineering degree asks, "How does it work?"  The graduate with an Accounting degree Asks, "How much will it cost?"   The graduate with a  Liberal Arts degree asks, "Do you want fries  with  that?" 
Three engineering students were gathered together discussing the possible designers of the human body.    One said, "It was a mechanical engineer. Just look at all the joints."    Another said, "No, it was an electrical engineer.  The nervous systems many thousands of electrical connections."    The last said, "Actually it was a civil engineer. Who else would run a toxic waste pipeline through a recreational area?" 
A guy goes into confession and says to the priest, "Father, I'm 80 years old, widower, with 11 grandchildren. Last night I met two beautiful flight attendants. They took me home and I made love to both of them. Twice."   The priest said: "Well, my son, when was the last time you were in confession?"   "Never Father, I'm Jewish."   "So then, why are you telling me?"   "I'm telling everybody." 
Did you hear that Clinton has announced there is a new national bird?    The spread eagle. 
Q: What do Monica Lewinsky and Bob Dole have in common?  A: They were both upset when Bill finished first. 
One Sunday morning William burst into the living room and said, "Dad! Mom! I have some great news for you! I am getting married to the most beautiful girl in town. She lives a block away and her name is Susan."  After dinner, William's dad took him aside. "Son, I have to talk with you. Your mother and I have been married 30 years.. She's a wonderful wife but she has never offered much excitement in the bedroom, so I used to fool around with women a lot. Susan is actually your half-sister, and I'm afraid you can't marry her."  William was heart-broken. After eight months he eventually started dating girls again. A year later he came home and very proudly announced, "Dianne said yes! We're getting married in June."  Again his father insisted on another private conversation and broke the sad news. "Dianne is your half-sister too, William. I'm awfully sorry about this."  William was furious! He finally decided to go to his mother with the news.  "Dad has done so much harm.. I guess I'm never going to get married,"  he complained. "Every time I fall in love, Dad tells me the girl is my half-sister."  His mother just shook her head. "Don't pay any attention to what he says, dear. He's not really your father." 
The Pope dies and, naturally, goes to heaven. He's met by the reception committee, and after a whirlwind tour he is told that he can enjoy any of the myriad of recreations available.  He decides that he wants to read all of the ancient original text of the Holy Scriptures, so he spends the next eon or so learning languages. After becoming a linguistic master, he sits down in the library and begins to pour over every version of the Bible, working back from most recent "Easy Reading" to the original script.  All of a sudden there is a scream in the library. The Angels come running in only to find the Pope huddled in his chair, crying to himself and muttering, "An 'R'! The scribes left out the 'R'."  A particularly concerned Angel takes him aside, offering comfort, asks him what the problem is and what does he mean.   After collecting his wits, the Pope sobs again, "It's the letter 'R'. They left out the 'R'. The word was supposed to be CELEBRATE!" 
A woman has twins, and gives them up for adoption.  One of them goes to a family in Egypt and is named "Amal."  The other goes to a  family in Spain; they name him "Juan."  Years later, Juan sends a picture of himself to his mom.  Upon receiving the picture, she tells her husband that she wishes she also had a picture of Amal.    Her husband responds, "But they are twins-if you've seen Juan, you've seen   Amal. 
A man and Cindy Crawford get stranded on a desert island.  After a couple of days they fall in love and start sleeping together.  Time pass the man seems frustrated, Cindy asks if there is anything she can do?  He says there is one thing, "Could you put on this baseball cap and go to the other side of the island and answer me when I call you Bob?"  She agrees.  Next day he is walking on the other side of the island, runs into her and says "Hi Bob!"    She says "Hello, what's up?"    He replies: "Bob you won't believe it: I've been sleeping with Cindy Crawford for the past two weeks!!!!" 
Why are there so many Jones's in the phone book?  Because they all have phones. 
How many teddybears does it take to change a lightbulb?   It takes only one teddybear, but it takes a whole lot of lightbulbs. 
The Chukcha (Russian Eskimo) phones up the Russian Parliament Building.   A guard answers.   Chukcha:  "What is required to become Parliament member?"  Guard:  "What are you, an idiot?"  Chukcha:  "Is it required?" 
What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor?  Make me one with everything. 
